When I say I stay up super late aha! Its not because I want to, it is rather due to the fact that I run through all the ways I could possibly be actively dying and have no idea and then I work myself into a panic that I have an undiagnosed disease ravaging my body
I haven't heard of it before, but it seems like he had an undiagnosed disease, that's tragic.
me, 11 oclock pm on a monday night: * looking up my symptoms, convinced im going to die because of an undiagnosed disease*
I know I go on the same rant at least once a month but it really gets under my skin. Justin struggled for a year and a half because of an undiagnosed disease, gets a diagnosis, is brave enough to share it with millions of people then gets made fun of and bullied for having ticks
He suffers from another undiagnosed disease; SFBS. The medical term is Shit For Brains Syndrome. Affects many in the Liberal Media.
Tim Schedl talks about the #Celegans model for RAB5B identified from Undiagnosed Diseases Network UDB256694. The lesion present in the patient acts as an antimorph/dominant negative. #TAGC2020
RT Are you a caregiver of an undiagnosed disease patient? We want to hear from you 
I was always anxious about having an undiagnosed disease because I feel that I have it.
Truck driver Mohinder Singh Bajwa has fronted court charged with the deaths of four police officers. His lawyer told the court he may have been suffering from an undiagnosed psychiatric illness his entire life and was in need of medical attention.
not to self diagnose but i feel like im a slight hypochondriac.. im constantly feeling like im dying of an undiagnosed disease
Sure...according to his wife. I am retracting my claim of cancer survival since I cannot cute evidence to support it. However, the guys pics *clearly* show signs of underlying conditions. Likely undiagnosed.
this quarantine rlly be making my undiagnosed depression become more and more apparent
Someone with too many children, no support network, and probably some undiagnosed mental health issues. idk, I just don't know how to tell her to love her child?
Just the news about the truck driver in the eastern. Undiagnosed mental health issue for his whole life....just got me thinking.
Now that we have examined the strange death of Joan Rivers, here is the autopsy report on an even STRANGER death, Lori Klausutis, a 28 year old woman whom they say had an undiagnosed heart condition (she ran 8K marathons though). Exhumation anyone?
I had these symptoms for a long time, and it turned out part of the problem was undiagnosed whiplash, so physio untangled that and no more of those symptoms and don't need traction anymore. Still have lots of other problems from Lyme though.
V at 20. Coping horribly with undiagnosed mental health issues/ personality disorder with drinks every  of drugs. 200lbs, eating like garbage, not facing any of my past, depressed with daily panic  surviving day to day. Idk how I'm still here but I made it
Artuad spent much of his later life, in and out of Asylums with undiagnosed  schizophrenia.
But many seriously ill do not qualify as the list is so restrictive - Mum 80+, undiagnosed digestive issues, IBS, angina, pacemaker and still healing from broken wrist and arm (opposite arms) but not qualify. Family all live far away ....... 
Me at 20. Long hair, undiagnosed crohns disease (hence the underweight) and drinking prime mixers...
One time I didn't leave the house for like a week because undiagnosed depression and anxiety
I have severe anxiety and depression + undiagnosed constant joint pains
My 8 year old daughter takes sertraline for severe OCD and anxiety. She has #pandas, a cruel autoimmune condition which 95% of GPs are unaware of. Undiagnosed children become adults, some of whom will end their own lives. Please rt.
#MeAt20 got me looking through old photos.. complete with (probably) cider, Hello Kitty watch, rainbow button necklace, baggy dress and blazer done up to hide my body shape, and tights and boots because that was "my thing"... And suffering from undiagnosed severe PTSD. My child.
This is exactly why I spoke about me suffering from Crohn's Disease very publicly. Ever since then, more than 40 people approached me and told me they were suffering from similar symptoms but have gone undiagnosed for years because doctors couldn't figure out why or-
In the 5 years I have been investigating my undiagnosed digestive issues I have gone from a purely western "traditional medicine" approach to where I am now, 1000 tests later, taking four different supplements daily that I buy off the internet. If it works, it works!!
Maybe he's born with it, maybe it's Undiagnosed ADD
Many marriages have been destroyed, not by the usual marital problems, but by undiagnosed mental illnesses.
Ataxia Telangiectasia is the condition of my son Ryler also. It has been a challenge to do a day activities. He lost his ability to walk about a year ago. He is 12. Any info your family has I would love to hear about this no cure and rare disease
A young girl living with systemic #mastocytosis fulfilled her dream of meeting her role model. Watch the inspiring story here, courtesy of
Systemic mastocytosis associated with Hodgkins lymphoma in a 4-year-oldchild
Hope so.. A friend's kid has mastocytosis AND tuberous sclerosis, somehow. Known folks with all sorts of things that come with compromised or reduced immune systems, or have other issues. Tbh, it wouldn't even matter if I knew someone personally, I'd still be worried about that..
I have MS  my grandsons live with me the 5 yr old has Mastocytosis
Yeah, wow. I love it because I get to drink water again without throwing up. I might do different since I have systemic mastocytosis and not MCAD. Even though I'm used to it, the different reactions people have to the same meds for similar conditions still blow me away.
I have a rare autoimmune Mastocytosis
It is an autoimmune disorder of the nervous system characterized by new movements of the limbs and eyes, abnormal behaviors, sleep dysregulation, and difficulty talking.
Abnormal early cognitive/neuromuscular development.
Is my eyesight weak or my neuromuscular coordination abnormal?
AX, 7 months old, male presented with severe, generalized hypotonia with abnormal head shape  and unusual facies,  hepatomegaly, renal  cortical cysts, stippled calcifications of the patellas and greater trochanter, and ocular abnormalities.
Muscle biopsy from a 60 year old patient with progressive muscle weakness  Gomori Trichrome), can you name the abnormalities and the differential diagnosis ? #neuromuscular #musclebiopsy
A 55-year-old woman consulted for lower extremity proximal muscle weakness, dysphonia and cervical weakness. HEE and Oil Red O. #neuropath #pathology
People at my school be such kiss-asses. Our professor had dysphonia so she has someone else teaching her slides while she clarifies.
Due to a neurological condition called spasmodic dysphonia and treatments for it, I might sound a little different every time you hear me speak.
Kennedy Jr suffers from spasmodic dysphonia, which makes him difficult to listen to.  He is not anti-vaccine he is pro-safe-vaccines.  Listen from 18.16 - 28.32.  Diabetes, autism, allergies are caused by UNTESTED vaccines. Children today are supposed to take 72.
Alhumdulilah Alhumdulilah Alhumdulilah! He tolerated thick liquids today, got NG tube out, dysphonia slightly improved and was able to get up to a chair! All thanks to everyones prayers! Please pray he continues to build on these small steps daily iA #_
 Did you know? based the voice of Red's character on a neurological disorder called spasmodic dysphonia. She was inspired to do so after reading a line in the script, which stated that "She (Red) had not used her voice in many years.".
He has a disorder called Spasmodic dysphonia that causes the shaky voice.
I have panhypopituitarism and my endo has said that my chronic fatigue is all in my mind..is this the case?
I also have panhypopituitarism and suffer from chronic fatigue my endocrinologist is very supportive it has to do with your hormone levels.
I know I  don't!  The steroids I take for panhypopituitarism make me crave more sugar especially after eating something higher in carbs.
condition called Panhypopituitarism, which means that my pituitary gland doesnt produce enough of/any of the hormones it is supposed to normally. For example, it is why I had to be treated with synthetic HGH as a child because I wasnt growing. In 10 I went to
IV pain medicine, and some stress dosing steroids b/c I was having an adrenal crisis due to my Panhypopituitarism (FYI, this was about 12:30 AM). She was finally successful  they set me up with IV fluids, strong pain medication, etc. The GI on duty that AM
I got hypopigmentation on my nose any suggestions from my skin sisters/brothers!!!!???????
What can I do to treat hypopigmentation?
I didnt have enough characters but basically another laser can be used to reverse laser induced hypopigmentation. Have you dermatologist check out the hypopigmentation always and wear your SPF 
im hoping mine goes away. i struggled with eczema for so long just to have hypopigmentation sit in its place??? and its on my face too im tired
I see people are getting hyperpigmentation and hypopigmentation mixed up in your tweet replies.  Hypopigmentation is areas of skin that are lighter than everywhere else lol.
I have hypopigmentation, basically my skin loses its pigment when heavily exposed to UV rays (due to melanin depletion). Its cosmetic and the only way I can get rid of it is by whitening my skin which I was against.
A 35 year-old woman suffered brain injury in an MVA and presents c an intention tremor, nystagmus, hypotonia, and dysdiadochokinesia. What is the most likely location of the lesion? #bookreviews
Theo is 2 years old and has Down Syndrome.  He has hypotonia and hypermobilty and is delayed in being able to weight bear.  He does not yet have the lower body strength to stand. 
Despite his special needs and disabilities, including dyspraxia and hypotonia, my nephew Samuel is raising money for the NHS. He is part way through his basketball challenge and has already raised almost 1500!
thank you guys for the love on this vid! ive never really been super confident in my dancing because i have hypotonia (low muscle tone). i have crazy flexibility but no strength, so ive never thought highly of my dancing. but all this love means the world 
So this morning when I was done taking a shower and was putting on my tights, my left knee popped and I fell  hurt a bit, ngl. Hypotonia: ily
Hi Jeffery! I am a mom of a beautiful 5 year old girl who has epilepsy, hypotonia and is immuno compromised. Right now she is battling viral pneumonia so my husband who is our only income is home with us while we care for our daughters.
Terri Jordan's son has hypotonia and speech apraxia. The doctors told her that her son would never speak or walk. He has been doing EAAT for 16 years now. Want to know more about his journey? Click the link in my bio.
We just started to ween him off of Onfi and started Banzel and staying on keppra. Ben is 2 doesnt crawl, sit, or stand. Although we are making progress in. by in. Hypotonia has been a challenge as well. Best wishes to you and your son.
I had a child who had hypotonia and the harness allowed me to pull her up before she fell. It helped her build much needed muscles,  the confidence  security to walk w/o the pain associated of skinned knees   hands. Does religion make people lazy when it comes to judgement?
I hate not being able to do the same things my other percussionist friends can do because of dyspraxia and hypotonia
I get it. My hypotonia presented as severe to the point it looked like the conditions I was misdiagnosed with. So Im not angry or annoyed at all cos my type of EDS is extremely rare. And everyone went out of their way to diagnose me correctly. But yeah thats my story 
Porphyria Awareness Week is April 18-25th. Know the signs and symptoms. This rare genetic disorder is incurable and quite deadly if undiagnosed. I know, I have this rare disease.
I have Ataxia which comes under rare diseases and I have been totally ignored and left to fend for myself 
#JeffreeStarApproved Hey Jeffree!!! I could really use your help I'm caring for my 2 grandbabies and my daughter due to my her falling ill 2yrs ago at age 22 it has taken them till this Feb to diagnose her w/Spinocerebellar Ataxia a very rare disease Please  Thank U
I am taking care of my daughter who was diagnosed with Spinocerebellar Ataxia a very rare disease    that came on suddenly in 2018 it has taken 2yrs to diagnose so I now care for her and my 2 beautiful grandbabies her bday is 4/23 she'll barely be 24 $Winnie26K
Fighting Stigma : Former jockey runs 400 laps around yard for Irish child with rare disease: Dan Donoher, a 1-year-old boy from Ireland, is battling Scoliosis and a rare neuromuscular disease called Spinal Muscular Atrophy Type 1.
You've likely never heard of Budd Chiari Syndrome because it's a rare condition that affects only one in a million adults. Kimberly Munoz is one of them. Here's her story on how she was diagnosed...
He could have chosen the words wisely if it was simple feedback but I will surely get my eyes checked bcoz no matter how far or near I keep the phone, can't see u weep or cry. May be new eye disease than Myopia and Hypermetropia .
yes I have, and oddly it was in dating a women who I believed to have had undiagnosed BPD that led me to double binds which led me to dialectical behaviour therapy which led me back to, you guessed it, Hegel. but actually, fear of abandonment is at the root of nearly everything
4 seperate mental health professionals: yeah your daughter almost certainly has a serious undiagnosed anxiety disorder 
That said, I'm sure I was undiagnosed Bipolar all during my early to mid adult years. I am by comparison quite ready steady now.  Cheers
If this premise was true, would be so far left that hed be considered a communist. But, hes just a narcissist with an undiagnosed mental health issue.
my right arm has been numb since I am pretty sure I had it (undiagnosed.) I was thinking it was carpal tunnel from my twitter use while stuck at home lol. But I have increasingly become a little more worried.
Nothing beats getting older and realizing all the things I used to get irrationally mad at and beat myself up over not making sense was all because I was undiagnosed.
The reason I went undiagnosed is bc I had the symptoms as a teen, it was passed as bad periods. They put me on a high estrogen bc pill - which I was on all the way until pregnancy with my daughter. Pregnancy suppresses the symptoms for 2-3 years. It is now making itself known.
Can't sleep thinking about my uncle if he's alright. Been chatting w/ my cousin, didn't realise things were so bad. His diabetes has gone undiagnosed  got complicated
one episode into never have i ever and devi reminds me of myself.... does she have undiagnosed bpd
But y'know, multiple undiagnosed mental illnesses + I was the first generation of my family not to be born on a fucking dirt floor. But that's what I'd have done in a perfect world. /End sadgirl hours
Im so sorry; I have an undiagnosed autoimmune condition and its horrible. I hope the steroids help; they help me but Im still bedridden. Sending lots of love your way!
My ARFID got worse as I wasn't given treatment. I was undiagnosed and not believed. My doctors looked at me patronizingly when I told them I didn't have anorexia. My eating disorder does not come from a desire to be thin. It comes from the insecurity around what i eat-
Forum:  Shoulder ache, costochondritis: TheFuzz, Since activity/exercise seems to make it worse or prolongs it....you might have undiagnosed Rhabdo... Here is a few links about it....it is not generally from "lite" activity...but
I got 2013. That was one of the worst years of my life. 7 years of undiagnosed and untreated depression caused a total meltdown and 2 stints in the hospital in a 3 month period. Just a god awful year.
12: phobia: germs reckon I am an undiagnosed ocd
Because I had undiagnosed allergies to everything and couldn't breath through my nose for 8 years and no one cared.
He has undiagnosed mental issues. I feel nad for erins family who live there. They also voted for him and think hes doing a good job. The stupidity is intense. They have nfi.
They started drugging my poor grandma in the 50s. She had undiagnosed akathisia the entire time I knew her, and ended up developing dementia.
Does anyone else go though random episodes where they feel the need to clean and decorate everything immediately and cant stop until its done or do I just have an undiagnosed mental disorder
Sounds like he may have an undiagnosed brain tumor.
Imagine how fun that was as a kid with chronic migraines, a wheat allergy and undiagnosed Crohn's disease. First doc visit as an adult. The answer to everything was "pray about it." So yeah. Good times.
i probably have like 4 undiagnosed mental illnesses... i already know 2 of them are depression and body dysmorphia
((OOC: That nickname mainly applies to his alternate personality from his undiagnosed mental illness.))
I have been dealing with an undiagnosed movement disorder and had an appointment with a dismissive neurologist who thinks my problems may be "all in my head" yesterday. She referred me to a hypnotist. The hypnotist in question? A fucking rapist!
reflecting upon highschool when i was sleeping all of the time because i  had undiagnosed depression and my mom got me blackout curtains so that i would sleep better
You can't necessarily see #ADHD. But it's there, it's real. Many of us, especially undiagnosed, try our hardest to appear "normal", like we're on top of things. But inside we can feel absolutely overwhelmed by all the expectations the world has for us. #AdultADHD #ADHDisReal
also, may is celiac disease awareness month - i'm going to share these infographics from Beyond Celiac because this illness has pretty drastically affected my life but went undiagnosed for 4+ years.
I can most definitely promise I’m undiagnosed with ADHD
Me with my undiagnosed ADHD getting yelled at for being distracted:
got through 4 years of college with undiagnosed adhd yet im graduating with a 3.5 gpanot bad for a girl with three brain cells huh
The African Communities needs to be reached out to !!!We've got many persons in the rural Communities of Africa living with undiagnosed Diabetes and many already have complications .
Crazy that when our mothers were pregnant with us we inherited generations of undiagnosed mental illnesses and stress in the womb and then we’re just...born...With all of this genetic data programmed into our little baby bodies. No wonder all we do is shit and cry, god damn
I have this undiagnosed health issue (bc of course I do, do you even know me) and Luna is picking up on it, and it’s so sweet. she’s kinda like a little service dog and I just
Hard agree. Also as a former gifted kid who went through the whole burnout thing blah blah blah, I also had undiagnosed adhd and it was harder to get a legit diagnosis when my symptoms just sounded like a fucking internet meme. Extremely unhelpful for neuroatypicals
For 2 years I went undiagnosed for a lot of reasons ie lack of access, thinking “I’m young I’ll be fine” but one of the bigger ones was, “there can’t possibly be anything wrong w/ me, I’m losing weight.” Because I thought losing weight was inherently a “good” indicator of health
The NHS now has huge spare critical care capacity. The vast Nightingale hospital has been mothballed. It’s people with undiagnosed cancer and heart disease you should be worrying about. And young people whose futures are blighted.
Thanks to undiagnosed ADHD, school, not to mention art school, wasn't right for me. I would've needed to be on probation and I ended up being on academic dismissal at the college I did go to. I technically never dropped out lol. But I've found success I'm happy about without it.
youre not a “femboy” youre a 16 year old girl with undiagnosed body dysmorphia
"Once I learned that it was undiagnosed ADHD causing the problem, it took me years to realize that I have good sense and that the mistrust I feel for my decisions is rooted in other people’s uneducated and ill-informed opinions of me." still unlearning that
anybody else have trouble letting go of something that happened a long time ago either big or small or is that just another undiagnosed anxiety symptom i have
reminds me of a conversation I had w/(then) my therapist when I said I think I’ve had an undiagnosed eating disorder for years & going beyond my daily calories limit results in breakdowns. She went ‘ohh cool! so you have a strategy? tell me more, I’d like to lose some too’
no doctor said i have anxiety but i havent asked anyone yet, so based on self diagnosis im guessing i do have anxiety, but like not social and stuff cuz im just stressed when it comes to people, but like in stressful situations including my insecurities
I'm kinda having an idea of what it's like for Perrie to have no sense of smell... It's been a week that I can't smell anything whatsoever! ?? So weird. I did have other symptoms (muscle cramps, headache, a little difficulty breathing) but now they're gone and I still can't smell
It concerns my health! I want to be much stronger but am weak and can't find a defining diagnosis. Doctors are constantly baffled with me.
Functional neurological disorder is not a real diagnosis, it's medical abuse by doctors who can't do their jobs. So sorry you were hit by this, hope you can find a real diagnosis.
What are you trying to say? I don't have a diagnosis for my symptoms. and given a global pandemic, I can't exactly go to a doctor every day to figure it out. My appointments are 3 months away
The same with fibromyalgia I don't even bother to say I have this diagnosis it is treated as a ’mental illness’ even though they say it is not. It comes under rheumatology and the treatment is antidepressants, lyrica and some pain drugs.
I started to get counseling in January and sometime in February,  I think, I got put on antidepressants, but I still don't have an official diagnosis for anything.

now I routinely see a counselor and a psychiatrist, but they haven't been doing much (especially after the move to
Honestly, I think because I don't have a diagnosis and no doctor believes me I just don't feel justified in getting a wheelchair. Like I feel like a fraud and as if I'm making it all up and I know it's stuff I need to work on, but I'm really not there yet (even though I agree)
This was 1983, so there might not have been a diagnosis for me. I still don’t have one but have been trying to start therapy because of some emotional issues.
I lost 4 of my frineds and 2 family members due to unknown disease. Life become a part of hell all over the country while politicians having their pathetic blaming game. In few days we will see hundreds maybe thousands of ppl dying and no one talking a serious action.  #Yemen
I can't find diagnosis for the disease ):
Off topic but does your research have anything to do with sodium voltage channels? I have a very rare disease that's caused by a genetic mutation that increases the sensitivity of the SVCs. If it would help your research, I'd be happy to take part.
Thank you for this message is well needed. Due to my daughter rare disease. I am worried imma lose my job but she comes first more  than anything
Ankur @ANKURKU97269665
 from Pratapgarh, UP is bedridden for the last 5 years, & suffering from a rare disease. Request your contributions Please retweet and share.
Yes! I would be dead, real dead without online support groups. I have a rare disease that doctor google doesn’t provide much info on let alone proper dosing info. God forbid a doctor value patients experience that actually live with the disease.. oh and basic chemistry.
People say I'm faking it. That I'm manipulating. I'm not. My father died right before my eyes. My mom has a rare disease and she could die any moment. And I have annoying sibling who also has depression. They don't know my problems yet they call me fake and a manipulator.
Amen. My life of I did this, I built that, I own those, and so on was all about myself. A rare disease came along and I lost all that a man can lose. I had no idea the changes that God did to me. I was too busy leaning on God to notice I had become ME. The Me God required.
I have no diagnosed anxiety disorder but I wanted to say this SOMEWHERE.
Extreme middle back pain, nausea, vomiting. Was admitted to the hospital and released after no diagnoses. Hoping for some guesses.
Been in pain for 4 years...still no diagnoses
8 Months of chest pain, cough, difficulty breathing. No diagnoses, feel like I am dying. Detailed.
Still no diagnose, starting to feel scared...
No diagnosed sleep disorders, but willing to try APAP in case it's UARS; any tips?
6 months ill already, no diagnose, beginning to lose hope

I have no diagnosed eating disorder or body image disorder but i have bad confidence issues i wear oversized hoodies to cover up parts i hate. I’ve made myself throw up and weigh myself incredibly often and have break downs all the time should i talk to someone?
My dad has died of an unknown diseases.AMA

What are these black spots? This succulent was fine yesterday. I've had him for almost a year, almost lost him to rot (I think) awhile ago but I re-potted and he's been doing better. Sunburn? Weird disease? Haven't watered in over 3 weeks I think.
Colon pain undiagnosed for years
I believe I have an undiagnosed mental disorder
I'm 22 (f) and in the past year with an undiagnosed illness. I've deteriorated significantly and still searching for closure. My main symptoms are cognitive decline, positional headaches + tinnitus, and muscle spasms
I’d just finished Uni, I was 19 with undiagnosed ADHD smh. Wonder how I lived through all of it.
Disability accommodations. Also, personally? I was undiagnosed with a painful chronic illness into the end of my MA, and I’ll tell you that my profs who were understanding by giving extensions and looking to help me were a lot better than the ‘sit on your hands &

we just need help. I'd also tell her that it's okay to fail or to not have the answer for everything and to be confused and scared about the future, that not everything that happens is her fault, we have a undiagnosed, untreated mental illness but it won't be the end of the world