reflecting upon highschool when i was sleeping all of the time because i  had undiagnosed depression and my mom got me blackout curtains so that i would sleep better
You can't necessarily see #ADHD. But it's there, it's real. Many of us, especially undiagnosed, try our hardest to appear "normal", like we're on top of things. But inside we can feel absolutely overwhelmed by all the expectations the world has for us. #AdultADHD #ADHDisReal
also, may is celiac disease awareness month - i'm going to share these infographics from Beyond Celiac because this illness has pretty drastically affected my life but went undiagnosed for 4+ years.
I can most definitely promise I’m undiagnosed with ADHD
Me with my undiagnosed ADHD getting yelled at for being distracted:
got through 4 years of college with undiagnosed adhd yet im graduating with a 3.5 gpanot bad for a girl with three brain cells huh
The African Communities needs to be reached out to !!!We've got many persons in the rural Communities of Africa living with undiagnosed Diabetes and many already have complications .
Crazy that when our mothers were pregnant with us we inherited generations of undiagnosed mental illnesses and stress in the womb and then we’re just...born...With all of this genetic data programmed into our little baby bodies. No wonder all we do is shit and cry, god damn
I have this undiagnosed health issue (bc of course I do, do you even know me) and Luna is picking up on it, and it’s so sweet. she’s kinda like a little service dog and I just
Hard agree. Also as a former gifted kid who went through the whole burnout thing blah blah blah, I also had undiagnosed adhd and it was harder to get a legit diagnosis when my symptoms just sounded like a fucking internet meme. Extremely unhelpful for neuroatypicals
For 2 years I went undiagnosed for a lot of reasons ie lack of access, thinking “I’m young I’ll be fine” but one of the bigger ones was, “there can’t possibly be anything wrong w/ me, I’m losing weight.” Because I thought losing weight was inherently a “good” indicator of health
The NHS now has huge spare critical care capacity. The vast Nightingale hospital has been mothballed. It’s people with undiagnosed cancer and heart disease you should be worrying about. And young people whose futures are blighted.
Thanks to undiagnosed ADHD, school, not to mention art school, wasn't right for me. I would've needed to be on probation and I ended up being on academic dismissal at the college I did go to. I technically never dropped out lol. But I've found success I'm happy about without it.
youre not a “femboy” youre a 16 year old girl with undiagnosed body dysmorphia
"Once I learned that it was undiagnosed ADHD causing the problem, it took me years to realize that I have good sense and that the mistrust I feel for my decisions is rooted in other people’s uneducated and ill-informed opinions of me." still unlearning that
anybody else have trouble letting go of something that happened a long time ago either big or small or is that just another undiagnosed anxiety symptom i have
reminds me of a conversation I had w/(then) my therapist when I said I think I’ve had an undiagnosed eating disorder for years & going beyond my daily calories limit results in breakdowns. She went ‘ohh cool! so you have a strategy? tell me more, I’d like to lose some too’
no doctor said i have anxiety but i havent asked anyone yet, so based on self diagnosis im guessing i do have anxiety, but like not social and stuff cuz im just stressed when it comes to people, but like in stressful situations including my insecurities
I'm kinda having an idea of what it's like for Perrie to have no sense of smell... It's been a week that I can't smell anything whatsoever! ?? So weird. I did have other symptoms (muscle cramps, headache, a little difficulty breathing) but now they're gone and I still can't smell
It concerns my health! I want to be much stronger but am weak and can't find a defining diagnosis. Doctors are constantly baffled with me.
Functional neurological disorder is not a real diagnosis, it's medical abuse by doctors who can't do their jobs. So sorry you were hit by this, hope you can find a real diagnosis.
What are you trying to say? I don't have a diagnosis for my symptoms. and given a global pandemic, I can't exactly go to a doctor every day to figure it out. My appointments are 3 months away
The same with fibromyalgia I don't even bother to say I have this diagnosis it is treated as a ’mental illness’ even though they say it is not. It comes under rheumatology and the treatment is antidepressants, lyrica and some pain drugs.
I started to get counseling in January and sometime in February,  I think, I got put on antidepressants, but I still don't have an official diagnosis for anything.

now I routinely see a counselor and a psychiatrist, but they haven't been doing much (especially after the move to
Honestly, I think because I don't have a diagnosis and no doctor believes me I just don't feel justified in getting a wheelchair. Like I feel like a fraud and as if I'm making it all up and I know it's stuff I need to work on, but I'm really not there yet (even though I agree)
This was 1983, so there might not have been a diagnosis for me. I still don’t have one but have been trying to start therapy because of some emotional issues.
I lost 4 of my frineds and 2 family members due to unknown disease. Life become a part of hell all over the country while politicians having their pathetic blaming game. In few days we will see hundreds maybe thousands of ppl dying and no one talking a serious action.  #Yemen
I can't find diagnosis for the disease ):
Off topic but does your research have anything to do with sodium voltage channels? I have a very rare disease that's caused by a genetic mutation that increases the sensitivity of the SVCs. If it would help your research, I'd be happy to take part.
Thank you for this message is well needed. Due to my daughter rare disease. I am worried imma lose my job but she comes first more  than anything
Ankur @ANKURKU97269665
 from Pratapgarh, UP is bedridden for the last 5 years, & suffering from a rare disease. Request your contributions Please retweet and share.
Yes! I would be dead, real dead without online support groups. I have a rare disease that doctor google doesn’t provide much info on let alone proper dosing info. God forbid a doctor value patients experience that actually live with the disease.. oh and basic chemistry.
People say I'm faking it. That I'm manipulating. I'm not. My father died right before my eyes. My mom has a rare disease and she could die any moment. And I have annoying sibling who also has depression. They don't know my problems yet they call me fake and a manipulator.
Amen. My life of I did this, I built that, I own those, and so on was all about myself. A rare disease came along and I lost all that a man can lose. I had no idea the changes that God did to me. I was too busy leaning on God to notice I had become ME. The Me God required.
I have no diagnosed anxiety disorder but I wanted to say this SOMEWHERE.
Extreme middle back pain, nausea, vomiting. Was admitted to the hospital and released after no diagnoses. Hoping for some guesses.
Been in pain for 4 years...still no diagnoses
8 Months of chest pain, cough, difficulty breathing. No diagnoses, feel like I am dying. Detailed.
Still no diagnose, starting to feel scared...
No diagnosed sleep disorders, but willing to try APAP in case it's UARS; any tips?
6 months ill already, no diagnose, beginning to lose hope

I have no diagnosed eating disorder or body image disorder but i have bad confidence issues i wear oversized hoodies to cover up parts i hate. I’ve made myself throw up and weigh myself incredibly often and have break downs all the time should i talk to someone?
My dad has died of an unknown diseases.AMA

What are these black spots? This succulent was fine yesterday. I've had him for almost a year, almost lost him to rot (I think) awhile ago but I re-potted and he's been doing better. Sunburn? Weird disease? Haven't watered in over 3 weeks I think.
Colon pain undiagnosed for years
I believe I have an undiagnosed mental disorder
I'm 22 (f) and in the past year with an undiagnosed illness. I've deteriorated significantly and still searching for closure. My main symptoms are cognitive decline, positional headaches + tinnitus, and muscle spasms
I’d just finished Uni, I was 19 with undiagnosed ADHD smh. Wonder how I lived through all of it.
Disability accommodations. Also, personally? I was undiagnosed with a painful chronic illness into the end of my MA, and I’ll tell you that my profs who were understanding by giving extensions and looking to help me were a lot better than the ‘sit on your hands &

we just need help. I'd also tell her that it's okay to fail or to not have the answer for everything and to be confused and scared about the future, that not everything that happens is her fault, we have a undiagnosed, untreated mental illness but it won't be the end of the world