It's mental health awareness month so imma say it - GO GET A FUCKING DIAGNOSIS YOUR UNDIAGNOSED MENTAL ILLNESS IS HURTING NOT ONLY YOURSELF BUT THE PEOPLE AROUND YOU
We should not underestimate the collateral damage of this lockdown.Coronavirus is not the only danger we are facing. As the weeks go by mental health deteriorates further, more cancer goes undiagnosed and deprivation spreads.This costs lives too.
if i see one more cishet white male tweeting about how if we ‘behave’ pubs will reopen soon i’m gonna flip ur all fucking mental?? there are literally important medical services on hold, possibly thousands of people living with undiagnosed cancer because screening can’t go ahead-
seeing undiagnosed mental illness in the wild really makes me feel /alive/
My worry is just as we're getting control of one crisis, we'll sleepwalk into another.Undiagnosed cancers are growing every day, if we don't act now the dam will burst.We have to give people the confidence to get checked - if that doesn't change thousands more will suffer.
if you look at the profile of the person who tweeted this, you'd find an undiagnosed piece of shit that does not know how to close her mouth
these conditions are WAY more common than people realize— many are undiagnosed and don’t even know they have them. this isn’t comforting to that substantial group of people. really sad lawmakers are still reinforcing an “us” vs “them” mentality and valuing people by their health.
I'm skeptical of the idea that he infected those 27 people and most didnt already have it from someplace else.  I suspect that there are still a fairly large number of undiagnosed asymptomatic carriers everywhere...S Korea included.
I just want to say if you or any of your family have symptoms of cancer PHONE YOUR DOCTOR. There is worry that we get hold of coronavirus and then have a crisis of undiagnosed cancer, the NHS is available to help you and it’s really important to get checked out.
When are you going to start counting the suicides, starvation, & undiagnosed heart attacks, strokes, cancer deaths? Because their hospitals & clinics shut down. People who lost everything. When are you going to tell them their lives don’t matter?
80K dead from #COVID191.4M diagnosed, more undiagnosed2K+ dying /day30M filed for unemployment, with millions more expected But it warms my heart to know that @TedCruz, 1 of 100 Senators in all of America, is focused on what truly matters: a 2013 headline about movies
Nationalized health care? "Protect NHS" in England appears to have had the exact result one would expect. "And it is not just the vulnerable elderly who are slipping through the gaps. More than 2,000 cancer cases are going undiagnosed every week...#debatehttps://telegraph.co.uk/news/2020/05/09/protect-nhs-abandoned-seriously-elderly/…
Autism presents differently in boys than it does in girls, leaving many autistic girls undiagnosed or misdiagnosed.So here’s a couple of autism traits in girls
Testing is being deliberately suppressed because it would drive the Statistics up significantly. Could the motivation be to let the undiagnosed die, and pass off the cause of death to be non-COVID-19 related? A ghastly shuddering thought
you are still valid even if youre undiagnosed
Sofie - newsflash- it’s not all about you.  When women are risking undiagnosed gynaecological cancers because of the lockdown this tweet hits peak narcissism
I’m feeling defeated today  We knew getting word out about the T1D/DKA awareness campaign would be futile during the current situation. It’s a kick in the stomach when you find out a 10 year old just died from undiagnosed T1D. #T1D #coronavirus #DKA
i can almost garuntee anyone who has set foot in a public area has contracted covid and was most likely asymptomatic. So 71% "diagnosed" is more like 99.9% recovered from transmissions "undiagnosed".. Stop the fear mongering.
A patient hospitalized with flu-like symptoms last year in France turned out to have had Covid-19, suggesting the coronavirus was spreading there at least a month earlier than records show
I call this outfit the divorced dad with an undiagnosed post-seperation stress disorder.All you need is an old t-shirt, flanel, disheveled hair, and unkept facial hair. Coffee mug optional.
Up to 6.3 million more people are predicted to develop #TB between now and 2025 and 1.4 million more people are expected to die as cases go undiagnosed and untreated during lockdown. This will set back global efforts to end TB by five to eight years.
You do realize the reason autism was much rarer is because it was often undiagnosed because they didn’t know how to diagnose it,autism isn’t a disease it’s something that you are born with,saying anything else is dangerous
...and it’s done!!  9 months of time given to an area that I’ve become really attached to. I take my hat off to all the girls, diagnosed or undiagnosed, who live with autism. I’m your biggest fan #girlswithautism #AutismAcceptance
Happy Mother's Day!Lets not forget on an average, 1 in 5 women experience some type of perinatal mood and anxiety disorder (PMAD) worldwide. More than 50% of these cases are undiagnosed.#MaternalMHMatters #MentalHealth #mothersday2020
t is estimated that 1 in every 500 people in the U.S. have Hypertrophic  Cardiomyopathy, but a large percentage of patients are undiagnosed.  Which of your patients is undiagnosed?  Learn more!  #HCM Register today at http://bit.ly/AHA-HCMWebinar @AHAScience @AHAMeetings @CircAHA
Your periodic reminder that policy is a game of whack-a-mole. Unless we can find a game-changer (e.g. a vaccine), we face trade-offs.As we're whacking down COVID-19 mortality, the number of undiagnosed and/or untreated people with other conditions is rising.
Students with undiagnosed #reading difficulties often struggle to access the #curriculum, says Mark Fraser, teacher of 29 years, but #EdTech can help unlock their potential!#EduTwitter #TeamEnglish #SEND
He def has dementia & shame on theDems for putting him thru this.I am 100% Trump but feel bad4 Biden coz he is so confused. Im an RN & Certified Dementia Practitioner 4 over 30 years. Trust me he has dementia. Dems r prob keeping him from Drs. No diagnosis no record of dementia
A new Swedish correspondence study shows that preschools discriminate against children with disabilities. Two thousand schools were contacted by fictional parents. When no diagnosis was mentioned, 49% received a positive reply with an invitation to visit the school. [1/2]
You sound like there are no kids who can rely on you to protect them from sexual predators.Don't need help or your keyboard diagnosis.I need you to stop protecting rapists and start fighting for healthcare.
I was 40+ and had an official diagnosis before I understood that "do you like to collect information on categories of things?" really meant *special interests.*Before then, I always said no, because I was interested in the things themselves - not the categories!
As someone w/major health issues in 13 years (survived cancer & dx'd w/Lupus) I never understood how health care is a partisan issue.It knows no borders or political parties.#COVID19 has shown us this. No one is immune.We are ALL one diagnosis away from chronic illness.
It also means, many of the symptom trackers won’t let people enter symptoms if these two criteria not met. 
Perhaps all of these people with weird symptoms didn’t have covid, but I would bet my house and children on the fact that they did.
This is a huge enormous mess (3/3)
Fellas... If you’re called in for a routine health screening, please go. If something doesn’t feel quite right, please see a doctor. If you’re presenting weird symptoms, please don’t wait for them to ‘just go away’. The earlier you catch health problems, the better the outcome.
Have called the doctor about my symptoms. It’s all so weird. We’re on day 11. Will hear back on a plan of action.
i just looked up the symptoms of a dying cat and mine has a few of them and he’s been acting weird recently so excuse me while i go cry
I suspect my household has had it...we all had weird symptoms in January (coughs, headaches, weird tasting food but no runny noses) after traveling through Montreal...if we haven't had it I am worried more about spreading it than any consequences for myself--odds are I'd be OK...
Even more weird when a non-health professional says that your chronic medical conditions don't actually exist and you actually have the symptoms just cus you're fat lmao
I know it’s not easy living with people like... me. But at least if you don’t understand what’s going on with that person knowing the diagnosis, the least I can do is document myself a little. We spend 24/7 with cell phones, it’s not hard to find information +
I need to find my autism diagnosis paper so i can get a free flu shot and then i can take my T  as well and get that sorted out... hormones still wack
Are you a doctor who can't find a good way to deliver a terrible diagnosis? Make it a surprise with John Cena
If the drug hasn’t been proven to be effective for the set cause it cannot be used without specific diagnosis. In this case malaria, RA, lupus. If you don’t have the diagnosis you cannot be prescribed the medication
What are you asking about you idiot, I care about people who are missing vital early diagnosis, have you lost anyone to this disease? I don’t care if sturgeon is Scottish or from Timbucktoo it’s wrong
Now the general public are trying to learn about clinical diagnosis & it's hard. Sometimes we don't know for sure, & we have to look at the range of evidence in front of us to make the most likely diagnosis. This happened before coronavirus too.
HIV is easy to detect and is ALREADY PART of the screening process. Numerous blood diseases are screened when blood is taken, so there is literally no reason that gay men shouldn't donate. It would also mean people who have HIV and don't know it can receive a diagnosis.
I don't have to give a medical diagnosis to tell someone their fucking arm is broken as it hinges mid-forearm.

Likewise, I don't have to give a medical diagnosis to say that Biden AND Trump have obvious onset dementia. Yet they're the choices for POTUS 2020... fuck's sake.
No, it's the diagnosis you need to have to receive medical treatment related to transition. If you don't want to medically transition you don't need the diagnosis.
turns out that's exactly what we have. if you're really concerned or want to rule it out, best bet is a seeing a geneticist for diagnosis. they don't do any testing other than listen to yr history/symptoms and examine your joints, skin, mouth, and can tell from that usually
Thanks for the love and you have my love back! I admire your bravery and I enjoy your music. Your psychological diagnosis of me is incorrect, but that isn't surprising given that you don't have the necessary training and you hardly know me. You also didn't answer my question.
I’m only gonna say this once, if you don’t have a diagnosis please don’t get prescribed Adderall. They’re very addictive, and can severely fuck up your physical n mental health if you’re not careful.
Section 30 says vaccination for an unknown disease is compulsory if you're leaving or entering Nigeria. 
Thinking a lot about past generations and their experiences of fear and the unknown on a local to global scale. Be it disease outbreaks, war, intimidation from violence, misinformation, lack of information, grief, anger, depression. This isn’t easy. It wasn’t then either.
Schools should stay closed until we understand more about this disease. It affects all ages but some much differently than others. Older adults @ respiratory risk, younger w/strokes due to clotting, children with this new twist, plus there's the unknown long term health effects.
As for the January 3rd I may have misspoken about a briefing, however it was public knowledge by the 9th and the first US patient caught it and went back to the US on the 15th... so he should have known that an unknown disease was entering the US.
I think it has tipped. We have the clathrate gun going off and nobody knows how to stop it. 
But who knows? A miracle might happen. Half the human race might die of a hitherto unknown disease and take the pressure off...@ProMED_mail
 posts date to 12/30 with post 10/30 about a cluster of children dead in India due to unknown disease — if I were #conspiracytheorist I’d say is related to present secondary #coronavirus outbreak cluster. Does press not track @NIAIDNews
 or only germaphobes do?
I think alot of it has to do with the unknown factor of being a new disease. I really thought smokers would be more at risk but I guess they're not?
No. We don’t agree. I will never take a vaccine for it. I know too many people who have already had it, fully recovered, and already returned to work or their daily lives. I, along many of my family and friends, was very ill with an unknown respiratory illness back in December.
Fuck. My grandma is really sick in the hospital with an as of yet unknown illness. They won't let my grandpa into see her because of Covid risks.

Fuck fuck fuck.
Due to her unknown illness, Maria decided to return home to the Philippines, to live with her family. The husband of Maria was a police officer. One day, after the husband returned home from work, Maria told her husband that she had already prepared dinner.
Yes I am continuing my re-watch while resting for this final day off work due to unknown illness. Which is still unknown bc I haven't gotten any test results! Haha cool.
They literally ran a primary in my state during a pandemic that led to unknown deaths and illness. So spare me the lesser of 2 evils and trump bad and bernie not a democrat talking points youve been fed. Some of us have real problems with our democracy despite your apathy
I don't suppose @RepTurzai is concerned about the mysterious Kawasaki-like disease that is becoming more prevalent in children now
Brian/Maggie - I'm trying to get some attention of some Medical examiners to go back into their 2019 cases.  33 died and more than 1400 cases of a "Mysterious Lung Disease" caused by VAPING. Not from my reading..the COVID-19 could have been in the USA since March 2019.
I suffer from an extremely rare disease and it's called dumb bitch syndrome
I'm almost fifty and suffer a painful disease that I was told cutting out sugar would make me feel better and I felt a hell of a lot worse so after almost a full year of cutting back and 3 months of absolutely none, I went back to it and feel better. I have a rare disease tho.
excuse of why there was a delay. One excuse I think was that he came down with a rare disease or infection and had to be quarantined in Australia for an extended period of time. Reminds me of Covid-19. Only this covid-19 guy made sure he was never seen. At least by Dale Chatfield
Update: my doctor called Friday (it is never good when they call you) lab results came back and showed I DIDNT have some rare disease but I did have some issues with my immune system. A great time for my immune system to go on the Fritz
my doctor just called...he said i have a very rare disease called “big dumb lesbian” syndrome
Sir please I request you to grant him permission. His father is a senior citizen and his mother is having a rare disease. He is not able to lend a helping hand to his parents in this pandemic situation. Please sir
It’s real, but it’s from an 11yr old with a rare disease that had them grow more teeth if I remember correctly
I was traveling through the Savanna when I came across a remote village. Apparently, I helped research a rare disease that only affected the people there.
I've been diagnosed with a rare disease. It's called being a multishipper and loving "conflicting" ships whose fanbases hate each other (or at least one side hates on the other). Ugh I just want to enjoy my myriad of headcanons in peace and not make anyone feel "disrespected". 
I suffer from a rare disease called typos
I’m sad to report that my dog, PomPom, suffers from a rare disease called Stankass where she smells bad all the time and her breathe could kill any man that got a direct smell of it
Me: In the last 4 years I found out I had a brain tumor, a rare disease called Acromegaly, anemia and now I have to eat gluten free because I have celiac. Smh
You get diagnosed with an unknown disease and the doctor tells you, you can name it whatever you want, what would you name it?
If people stopped eating weird diseased animals, this would stop happening
I’m afraid I had undiagnosed COVID 19 at the end of January
Anon The Driver has an undiagnosed personality disorder
ed twt: like if you’re diagnosed, rt if you’re undiagnosed. For ~science~
If 2020 were a horse it would be a hot underweight Arab mare with intermittent lameness and an undiagnosed neurological issue which the owner swears is just a quirk of her personality
Not really as there will be excess deaths due to the lockdown too, with many chemo courses stopped, cancers undiagnosed, operations cancelled and people dying at home of heart attacks etc as they didn’t want to bother the NNS or were too scared to go to the hospitals.
Mental health diagnoses in children are widely undiagnosed. Whether or not children should be diagnosed is another conversation, but it's important to understand kids experience the world like everyone else. Supporting them & teaching about mental health is vital.
2.2 million private healthcare patients have lost contact with their medical professionals. Do not underestimate the impact of this and the looming sunami of undiagnosed and late diagnoses of illnesses. 
Eating disorders are more common than ppl think, & most of which are undiagnosed bc many don't think they need help nor seek it. A study in jordan was made on school girls & 33% met the diagnostic criteria for an ED. Please, if you struggle or know someone that may, reach out.

