Any idea PCOS/Hashimotos/constant headaches ?
Weird undiagnosed chronic pain that has been going on for over five years
Chest pains and dizziness for 17 years (T-3 to T-5 spine)
Soon-to-be 30 y/o female, debilitating symptoms and doing whatever I can to hold on to hope.
last night could have been my last night
Undiagnosed don’t know what happened
Intermittent fever for 10 months, can’t lose weight.
I'm giving up
Carb Coma ?
5 months of pain and no answers is making me feel hopeless
I am exhausted... The doctors won't give me answers.
Undiagnosed Again
The Foot Bone's connected to the Uterus Bone, I guess?
Seeking Help with an Undiagnosed Illness (foreign objects that look like worms in throat, nose, etc.)
help me please
Please! Help is wlcome from anyone willing
Undiagnosed neurological disorder
Scared of lymphoma
Loved one has had undiagnosed very low ferritin levels for months with weakness and other symptoms
My Story
PLEASE HELP ME!! UNDIAGNOSED PAIN CONTINUING TO GO OVERLOOKED!!
Never ending stomache pain
I've been in hell with no escape.
I can’t write certain letters and numbers
What Is Wrong With My Foot?
Not being taken seriously
i’m so frustrated
Depresssion or something else ?
Dealing with being undiagnosed
Fibromyalgia or Hypothyroid
Undiagnosed for five years in Zimbabwe - please help!
Frustrated and tired
Nausea is awful and stupid
Undiagnosed Severe GI Issues - Going on Two Years Now
Crazy and horrible symptoms for years. No diagnosis.
Kindly help me
Undiagnosed vanishing bone facial area PLEASE READ.
Rapid heart rate and back pain, not sure the cause
I just want an answer
What do I do next?
Suffering for 2+ years - help wanted
I’ve had a hell of a morning.
Excessive mucus
I've had Sjogren's and Lupus symptoms for three years and no one believes me
Need an answer because I can't take it anymore
Neurological issues following getting Flu like symptoms last month
Can anyone help piece together these symptoms?
Unexplainable illness, legs covered in now football sized wounds some 1/4 in. deep that do not heal and get bigger over time, and is slowly spreading to rest of body.
Eye Condition - Eyes Swell Shut - Chronic for 7 Years
Boy 13months, Macrocephaly, Developmental Delay, Muscular Hypotonia & Nothing Else.
Undiagnosed for three months.
Seen Doctor, ER, and Gastro.... Still No Answers!
Seen Over a Dozen Doctors and No Diagnosis Yet
It's been 10 years for me.
Poor working memory, short-term memory, long-term memory, concentration, lethargy, lack of sad emotions, sluggishness, physical inflammation and weakness.
Anyone else's toe nail take a hard right? And build a cave.
help pls
Frustration
Chronic Pain Community Discord Server
No one knows what’s wrong with me
My Ayurvedic journey to Kerala to treat Fibromyalgia (Vlogging series). Hey guys, I'm brand new to YouTube and have no intention to get multiple subscribers or views, just thought I'd get word out there highlighting my experience of alternative medicine, after a failed pursuit of Western medicine.
Berkeley + UC Campus Crowdsourcing Platform - Get Global Feedback!
Having a hard time..
A Call to Action - Help my favorite undiagnosed charity win $10,000.
Can someone please help to diagnose me?
Obsessed with counting... anything
Is anyone allergic to immunoglobulin E?
I fucking hate doctors
Chronic Pain Community Discord Server
Carpal tunnel?
NOW CASTING: Individuals with Undiagnosed Medical Conditions
*US ONLY* Are you undiagnosed and want to get to the bottom of your condition? A New show wants to help!
Are you struggling to get a medical diagnosis?
Participation
Chronic Pain Community Discord Server
ULQ Pain UNDIAGNOSED 4+ Weeks!
Just needed to vent
Undiagnosed Illness Support Blog
The real life dr house , william Gahl talks about the NIH undiagnosed disease program.
NIH undiagnosed disease program, overwhelmed with cases.
The Charles August 'CAL' Long 
Undiagnosed Diseases Registry Act of 2009
HELP! Period issues: Extreme blood flow and huge clots over the past 2 weeks with a few days of nothing scattered throughou5
