1-year-old with agenesis of the corpus callosum, arachnoid cyst, and chronic diarrhea caused by a variant in the ARX gene (severity impacted by her diagnosis of mosaic Turner syndrome).
3yr old w/ arthrogryposis, hypotonia & variants in MYH8. Clinicians don't think trismus-pseudocamptodactyly syndrome is explanation for symptoms. Reach out if you know others w/ similar symptoms & variants in MYH8!
Male, age 14 with gross motor and language delay, borderline intellectual disability, optic atrophy, and variant in the PUM2 gene. 
4-year-old with seizures, global developmental delay, and a variant in the GRIN2A gene. 
an extremely rare condition caused by a de novo variant in ACOX1.
26-year-old with a history of global developmental delay, moderate intellectual disability, and autism caused by a variant in the SPTBN1 gene.
Male, age 17 with intellectual disability, history of leukemia, heart abnormalities, multiple osteochondromas, and variants in the SOX5 and TENM2 genes.
10-year-old with seizures, retinal coloboma, microphthalmia, strabismus, and severe global developmental delay.
43-year-old with psoriasiform dermatitis, thrombophlebitis, and arthralgia.
a 3-year-old with global developmental delay, failure to thrive, absent speech, hypotonia, and variants in the COG1, COG5, and PDE2A genes.
a 12yr old w/ intellectual disability, seizures, ventriculomegaly, malrotation of bilateral hippocampi, aortic root aneurysm, & variant in NRBP1
Looking for others with variants in the FAM177A1 gene. We have siblings with developmental delay, macrocephaly, hypotonia, and seizures with variants in this gene.
a 14-year-old with severe intellectual disability, language delay, mild dysmorphic features, and a variant in the MKL2 gene.
5-year-old with gastroparesis, ketotic hypoglycemia, kidney abnormalities, gait disturbance, and hypertension.
18-year-old with seizures, severe intellectual disability, regression, abnormal brain findings, and variants in the SEC24C gene.
a 16-year-old with intellectual disability, seizures, and history of hydrocephalus and congenital hip and knee dislocations.
a 56-year-old with lower motor neuron disease, muscle weakness, and fasciculations.
4-year-old with seizures, global developmental delay, and underdeveloped optic nerve (optic nerve hypoplasia). 
Female w/ rapid, bilateral vocal cord spasms, muscle weakness, & variants in SLC16A8 & SLC33A1 genes.
7 years old and has intractable seizures, global developmental delay, absent speech, and hypotonia.
